As you can see, it is winter weather, and we are
spoiled. I mean, we also have
young children. I mean, at the same time, I don't know how to
wash them. I have to take a shower.
Answer: Of course, our eyes will not pour, water will be wasted. I
mean, there is not even the existing Nile. If we have it, we will
make it transparent, and this is
expensive, by God. I mean.  Look for a solution for us. We are humans, not
animals. I mean, there are people who are afraid of
animals. They fear animals more than
humans. We are humans. We exist. We do not know how to sleep, we do
not know how to live, and we do not know how to teach our children. We do not know how to
teach them that we are five years into the
fifth month. We still do not know how to teach
our children. The children are learning.  But if they go and
get wood, they go and get firewood, they go and
make a fire, they go and get water, this is our life, but
eating, drinking, and water, and it depends on eating and drinking,
even in good health, as you can see, they are canned goods.
We eat, by God, what is wrong with you? I mean,
I don’t have anything. I mean, do you advise me anything?
For example, I had a mobile phone with me, which I
sold electrical appliances that I had
brought with me from Gaza. Uncle, manage our affairs. How are we?
Where we are sitting, there is no entrance. I mean, we have an entrance. I see
the situation in the country, how there is no money, no money, no
work, nothing.